feat(docs): Spark SDK docs for batch job submission and lifecycle APIs (#730)
kubeflow/sdk: docs/source/spark/sessions.rst

Interactive Sessions
=====================

Connect to Spark interactively from a notebook or script using Spark Connect.

Overview
--------

> Spark Connect server running on Kubernetes. The SDK provisions the server and

Reviewer: My earlier suggestion was anchored one line short, so applying it swallowed the opening sentence — the paragraph now starts mid-thought. Restoring it:

```suggestion
An interactive session gives you a standard PySpark ``SparkSession`` backed by a
Spark Connect server running on Kubernetes. The SDK provisions the server and
```

Spark Connect server running on Kubernetes. Sessions are self-managing: the SDK

> provisions the server and executors for you, and cleans them up when you call

Reviewer: There is no auto-cleanup — no `atexit`/`__del__` hook and `stop()` isn't wrapped, so the `SparkConnect` resource outlives the process. Users must call `delete_session()`:

```suggestion
Spark Connect server running on Kubernetes. The SDK provisions the server and
executors for you, but does not delete them automatically — call
``client.delete_session(name)`` when you are done, otherwise the ``SparkConnect``
resource keeps running after your script exits.
```

   **Connect mode** (``base_url=...``) never does this — you're responsible for
   making sure the URL you pass is already reachable.

Common Patterns
----------------

**Configure executor resources:**

.. code-block:: python

   spark = client.connect(
       num_executors=3,
       resources_per_executor={
           "cpu": "4",
           "memory": "4Gi",
       },
   )

**Set Spark configuration properties:**

.. code-block:: python

   spark = client.connect(
       num_executors=3,
       resources_per_executor={"cpu": "4", "memory": "4Gi"},
       spark_conf={
           "spark.sql.adaptive.enabled": "true",
           "spark.sql.shuffle.partitions": "200",
           "spark.serializer": "org.apache.spark.serializer.KryoSerializer",
       },
   )

``spark_conf`` maps directly to Spark configuration properties and is applied when
the session is created.

**Per-role driver/executor overrides:** ``connect()`` also accepts ``driver``
and ``executor`` objects for settings that apply specifically to the driver or
to executors (rather than to the session as a whole). These are for advanced
cases — most sessions only need ``num_executors``, ``resources_per_executor``,

> and ``spark_conf`` above. See :doc:`api` for the current field list.

Reviewer: `api.rst` only has `automodule:: kubeflow.spark.api.spark_client`, so `Driver`/`Executor` fields aren't rendered there and this link is a dead end. Please add `automodule` entries for `kubeflow.spark.types.types` and `kubeflow.spark.options.kubernetes` to `docs/source/spark/api.rst` (that also fixes the `FileJob`/`FuncJob`/`SparkJob` references on the other pages).
